---
pubDatetime: 2025-07-12T19:00:00Z
modDatetime: 2025-07-12T19:00:00Z
title: Hello World – Starting My Developer Blog
slug: hello-world
featured: true
description:
  This is my first blog post where I share my motivation for starting a blog and shout out the author of this template
---

Welcome to my blog! In this post, I will share why I decided to start blogging and what you can expect from my posts.

## Table of contents

## Why I started a blog

As a software engineer, I often find myself learning cool new stuff without the opportunity to share it with someone. 
If I don’t share it, that knowledge often gets lost unless I use it again. 
By writing articles, I can encourage myself to understand things better so I can explain them better. 
In doing so, future me might benefit from solutions to problems that come up again and again in software development.

This blog should also help me improve my communication skills, as English is not my native language. 
By expressing myself in these posts, I can work on that too!

Last but not least, I hope I can give something back to the community and help others who might be struggling with similar issues.
I’ll definitely write about things that have been covered a thousand times before but maybe I can offer a different perspective,
or at least provide a more up-to-date explanation with examples using modern syntax.

## What you can expect

I won’t be writing long essays, at least not until I’m comfortable with it. I don’t want to offload writing to AI and churn out long, boring posts full of emojis and dashes. 
I want to deliver valuable pieces of knowledge with examples and no extra fluff. That’s the plan, anyway.

Right now, I plan to focus on software development and write small "How To {stuff}" posts. In the future, I’d like to document full project journeys as well. 
I’ll also write about more “boring” stuff (for some!) like classic design patterns or similar topics.

## Shoutout to the template author, Sat Naing

I’m using a template by [Sat Naing](https://github.com/satnaing), who you can also find on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/satnaing/). Here is also his [website](https://satnaing.dev/).

Many times, I stopped myself from starting a website because my UI/UX skills pretty much suck. That became a convenient excuse to keep postponing. 
But after seeing this template, I had no more excuses. I find it beautiful — it has the aesthetics I always imagined for my blog.

Initially, I’ll keep the template almost identical, but I’ll definitely change it little by little.  
For now, I just wanted to give credit where it’s due. Thank you!

Let’s see where this journey takes me.
